QA Engineer Technical Assessment 
Assessment Task: 
You are to evaluate a frontend application with specific functionalities related to the Star 
Wars movies. The application can be found at the following GitHub repository: [Star 
Wars App Repository] (https://github.com/MindfulMichaelJames/star-wars/tree/main). 
The application's objectives are: 
1. Display a list of all Star Wars movies in a table format, with at least two sortable 
attributes/columns. 
2. Provide the functionality for users to select a movie and view its detailed 
information, with the inclusion of a back button to return to the main listing 
screen. 
The application utilises: 
1. The Star Wars API: [https://swapi.dev](https://swapi.dev) 
2. A React framework, augmented by Redux for state management. 
Your Assessment Requirements: 
Please clone the above mentioned repository. Your task is to create and implement the 
following automated tests using Selenium with Python. The automation of these tests 
should be configured through GitHub Actions. Upon completion, please share the link to 
your project repository. You are welcome to include further cases and ensure a more 
generic approach to testing. Scenarios we expect to be covered (some are negative 
testing): 
UI Scenario’s: 
Sort movies by ’Title’ and assert the last movie in the list is ‘The Phantom Menace’ 
View the movie ‘The Empire Strikes Back’ and check if the ‘Species’ list has ‘Wookie’ 
Assert that ‘Planets’ ‘Camino’ is not part of the movie ‘The Phantom Menace’ 
API Scenario’s: 
Get the list of movies and check if the movies count is 6 
Get the 3rd movie and check if the director of the movie is ‘Richard Marquand’ 
Get the 5th movie and assert that ’Producers’ are not ‘Gary Kurtz, George Lucas' 
Key Assessment Criteria: 
While the task may seem deceptively simple, we are looking for evidence of advanced 
design thinking. Your approach to the following aspects will be critical in our evaluation: 
1. Project Structure and Packaging 
2. Organisation of Code 
3. Reusability of Components 
4. Overall Code Quality